docs: critical and high severity agent blockers (#69079)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/configuration/terraform-provider/local.mdx

🚀 Certificates obtained, you can now use Terraform in this terminal for 1h0m0s
```

<Admonition type="tip" title="Running tctl on the Auth Service host">
If you are running `tctl terraform env` directly on the Auth Service host (e.g.,
via SSH), the output `TF_TELEPORT_ADDR` will be `127.0.0.1:3025`, which is not

> reachable from a remote machine. Override it with your proxy's public address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
reachable from a remote machine. Override it with the Teleport Proxy Service's public address.
```
Assuming this is the correct proxy
